# **Pythonlearn 1 -- intro**

## Different Errors
* ### Syntax errors
  A syntax error means that you have violated the “grammar” rules of Python.
* ### Logic errors
  A logic error is when your program has good syntax but there is a mistake in the order of the statements or perhaps a mistake in how the statements relate to one another.
* ### Semantic errors
  A semantic error is when your description of the steps to take is syntactically perfect and in the right order, but there is simply a mistake in the program. The program is perfectly correct but it does not do what you intended for it to do.
---


# **Pythonlearn 2 -- Expressions**

## Constants
Fixed values such as numbers, letters, and strings, are called “constants” because their value does not change.

## Reserved Words
the Python vocabulary is actually pretty small. We call this “vocabulary” the “reserved words”. These are words that have very specialmeaning to Python.You cannot use reserved words as variable names / identifiers.

## Variables
A variable is a named place in the memory where a programmer can store data and later retrieve the data using the variable “name”.
>**Name Rules**  
* Must start with a letter or underscore `_`
* Must consist of letters, numbers, and underscores
* Case Sensitive

>**Mnemonic Variable Names**  
We choose mnemonic variable names to help us remember why we created the variable in the first place. Mnemonic variable names can get in the way of a beginning programmer’s ability to parse and understand code.  
>>*Example*  
```Python
x1q3z9ocd = 35.0
x1q3z9afd = 12.50
x1q3p9afd = x1q3z9ocd * x1q3z9afd
print(x1q3p9afd)
```
```Python
a = 35.0
b = 12.50
c = a * b
print(c)
```
```Python
hours = 35.0
rate = 12.50
pay = hours * rate
print(pay)
```

## Statements
A statement is a unit of code that the Python interpreter can execute. We have seen two kinds of statements: print being an expression statement and assignment statement.

## Sentences or Lines


---


# **Pythonlearn 3 -- Conditional Execution**
---


# **Pythonlearn 4 -- Function**

* The max function: `max()`
* The min function: `min()`
* The len function: `lwn()`
* Type Conversions:
  * `int()`
  * `float()`
  * `str()`
* Math functions: `import math`

* Random numbers functions: `import random`
---


# **Pythonlearn 5 -- Iterations**

* `break`
* `continue`
* `is`
* `is not`
